0	simplistic , silly and tedious .
0	it's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .
0	exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .
0	[garbus] discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .
0	a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
0	the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i'd care to count .
0	about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time .
0	not so much farcical as sour .
0	unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
0	all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .
0	a sentimental mess that never rings true .
0	while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .
0	interesting , but not compelling .
0	on a cutting room floor somewhere lies . . . footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
0	while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
0	there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that don't care about being stupid
0	nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro's right-hand goombah .
0	such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us " the skulls " and last year's " rollerball . " enough said , except : film overboard !
0	here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .
0	this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
0	the execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .
0	on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation .
0	it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there's a little girl-on-girl action .
0	a farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it isn't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
0	as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
0	the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks . the rest of the film . . . is dudsville .
0	our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender ï¿½ and i know this because i've seen 'jackass : the movie . '
0	the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters . . .
0	the movie's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . killing time , that's all that's going on here .
0	stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . yep , it's " waking up in reno . " go back to sleep .
0	somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates .
0	the action clichï¿½s just pile up .
0	payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
0	the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies' underwear .
0	another useless recycling of a brutal mid-'70s american sports movie .
0	i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived .
0	please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
0	most of the problems with the film don't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
0	. . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee .
0	curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary .
0	though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .
0	there's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again .
0	the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it's hardly watchable .
0	analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film's successes , with a few new swings thrown in .
0	with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout . . . by which time it's impossible to care who wins .
0	stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
0	to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs . sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
0	equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
0	the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced . . . it's a pity that [nelson's] achievement doesn't match his ambition .
0	everything is off .
0	when seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , i wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , 'hey , kool-aid ! '
0	an easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .
0	imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .
0	pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
0	forget the misleading title , what's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
0	an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
0	though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
0	pascale bailly's rom-com provides amï¿½lie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest .
0	a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes .
0	watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost .
0	. . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
0	the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
0	the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end .
0	the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
0	mattei's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
0	only in its final surprising shots does rabbit-proof fence find the authority it's looking for .
0	isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it .
0	. . . plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director can't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . in fact , it doesn't even seem like she tried .
0	maybe leblanc thought , " hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . "
0	what you expect is just what you get . . . assuming the bar of expectations hasn't been raised above sixth-grade height .
0	barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
0	the biggest problem with roger avary's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director's cut glory , he's made a film that's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
0	so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
0	i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
0	earnest but heavy-handed .
0	if sinise's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over .
0	too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
0	there's a reason the studio didn't offer an advance screening . " the adventures of pluto nash " is a big time stinker .
0	a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .
0	takes one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isn't very funny .
0	the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just won't fly with most intelligent viewers .
0	even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity didn't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
0	sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house .
0	confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
0	deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
0	with this new rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
0	one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
0	a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
0	sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
0	the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .
0	a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .
0	the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
0	skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .
0	feels like a cold old man going through the motions .
0	dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ?
0	dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
0	there's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan's prefeminist plight , so we're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
0	beware the quirky brit-com . they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
0	has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
0	the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
0	completely awful iranian drama . . . as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
0	narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess .
0	there's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .
0	directors john musker and ron clements , the team behind the little mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they aren't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .
0	adam sandler's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
0	there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted .
0	despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
0	it's all pretty tame . the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
0	the movie is a mess from start to finish .
0	the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
0	i'm not saying that ice age doesn't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life .
0	in the telling of a story largely untold , bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
0	the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichï¿½s from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it's also too stupid to realize that they've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
0	terminally brain dead production .
0	some episodes work , some don't .
0	beautifully filmed and well acted . . . but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
0	j . lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she's a pretty woman , but she's no working girl .
0	rymer doesn't trust laughs -- and doesn't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
0	not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were .
0	wow . i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
0	off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .
0	it's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
0	watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but boyd's film offers little else of consequence .
0	it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
0	'ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y , por momentos , deplorable . '
0	will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
0	the problem is not that it's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes . the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
0	there's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .
0	none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
0	a processed comedy chop suey .
0	as spent screen series go , star trek : nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there's nothing to drink .
0	fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix .
0	full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
0	an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
0	the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
0	with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters . . . margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
0	if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
0	the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing .
0	everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify .
0	a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff .
0	the cameo-packed , m : i-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise . . . then mike myers shows up and ruins everything .
0	it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van .
0	the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
0	so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . it never is , not fully .
0	even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
0	what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
0	one lousy movie .
0	as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
0	plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
0	the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .
0	oozes condescension from every pore .
0	solaris " is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
0	the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .
0	. . . hypnotically dull .
0	though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
0	it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense .
0	an awful lot like one of [spears'] music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
0	confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
0	[h]ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .
0	occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
0	it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like my big fat greek wedding
0	by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
0	journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
0	putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
0	at its best , it's black hawk down with more heart . at its worst , it's rambo- meets-john ford .
0	exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos .
0	calculated swill .
0	this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
0	with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .
0	director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
0	you might be shocked to discover that seinfeld's real life is boring .
0	it's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
0	walsh can't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
0	this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
0	it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
0	i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .
0	one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .
0	there's nothing to gain from watching they . it isn't scary . it hates its characters . it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
0	fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .
0	the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
0	thoroughly awful .
0	. . . ice age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that won't win many fans over the age of 12 .
0	though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
0	just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
0	the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch .
0	truly terrible .
0	a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
0	it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .
0	an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
0	it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too .
0	rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr . , but there isn't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
0	fluffy and disposible .
0	such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
0	if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . an exit sign , that is .
0	holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp .
0	the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
0	a feature-length , r-rated , road-trip version of mama's family .
0	what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .
0	stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
0	bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
0	there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening .
0	imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor . the result might look like vulgar .
0	suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .
0	what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky .
0	it's an 88-minute highlight reel that's 86 minutes too long .
0	the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) .
0	such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
0	with the exception of mccoist , the players don't have a clue on the park . the acting isn't much better .
0	the whole affair is as predictable as can be .
0	a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes .
0	this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
0	a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre's most enabling victim . . . and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .
0	star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .
0	[n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
0	every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol .
0	puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
0	ver wiel's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .
0	despite a performance of sustained intelligence from stanford and another of subtle humour from bebe neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich new york intelligentsia - and its off
0	although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .
0	gaghan . . . has thrown every suspenseful clichï¿½ in the book at this nonsensical story .
0	a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
0	[p]artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . the catch is that they're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
0	'you'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . you'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter . . . '
0	gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
0	parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core .
0	the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving .
0	bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
0	a lack of thesis makes maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special .
0	the worst film of the year .
1	represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .
1	doesn't do more than expand a tv show to movie length . however , it's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
1	if you're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .
1	a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
1	as well-acted and well-intentioned as all or nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
1	a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
1	it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
1	elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
1	enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
1	writer/ director m . night shyamalan's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
1	if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii .
1	not a strike against yang's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached .
1	a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
1	a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship .
1	never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches . . . gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
1	" . . . something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . "
1	[washington's] strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
1	shiner can certainly go the distance , but isn't world championship material
1	the film's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
1	. . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . .
1	affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
1	a film of delicate interpersonal dances . caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . it's a sight to behold .
1	it's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
1	saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion .
1	the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
1	gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
1	peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
1	there has to be a few advantages to never growing old . like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you're over 100 .
1	ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up .
1	like kissing jessica stein , amy's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
1	the lady and the duke is eric rohmer's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
1	one of the year's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .
1	a small gem from belgium .
1	combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
1	a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .
1	the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .
1	there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
1	a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
1	manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
1	to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
1	jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
1	although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
1	i have a new favorite musical -- and i'm not even a fan of the genre
1	it's unlikely we'll see a better thriller this year .
1	there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .
1	jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
1	noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .
1	starts slowly , but adrien brody – in the title role – helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying .
1	very predictable but still entertaining
1	nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
1	pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
1	this amiable picture talks tough , but it's all bluster -- in the end it's as sweet as greenfingers . . .
1	this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
1	an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
1	even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
1	watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode .
1	as relationships shift , director robert j . siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
1	twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
1	while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it's awfully entertaining to watch .
1	a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
1	examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as wiseman's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers .
1	i prefer soderbergh's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .
1	'if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
1	in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen .
1	does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story .
1	i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough .
1	those of you who don't believe in santa claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original . well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
1	a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .
1	the rare imax movie that you'll wish was longer than an hour .
1	my wife's plotting is nothing special ; it's the delivery that matters here .
1	i've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we've got something pretty damn close .
1	a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
1	it's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
1	[an] absorbing documentary .
1	it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness .
1	as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
1	a melancholy , emotional film .
1	while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you won't care .
1	intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
1	goofy , nutty , consistently funny . and educational !
1	not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral--and , hence , more chillingly effective .
1	another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .
1	it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
1	the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
1	beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
1	gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isn't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and white . but toback's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
1	in the director's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
1	bring on the sequel .
1	graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
1	if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann's revolution no . 9 .
1	the film occasionally tries the viewer's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
1	a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
1	. . . certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . but something seems to be missing . a sense of real magic , perhaps .
1	that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
1	the movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .
1	. . . one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages . . .
1	plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
1	would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .
1	the film is . . . determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
1	missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
1	an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
1	steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
1	the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
1	made-up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .
1	evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
1	ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
1	the film's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
1	the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .
1	the picture's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
1	the modern remake of dumas's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action .
1	fred schepisi's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .
1	suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
1	nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year's best and most unpredictable comedy .
1	it's like an old warner bros . costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie errol flynn always wanted to make , though bette davis , cast as joan , would have killed him .
1	it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
1	satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
1	oh , james ! your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna's cameo doesn't suck !
1	a genuine mind-bender .
1	that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
1	there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot . . . a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
1	a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .
1	. . . planos fijos , tomas largas , un ritmo pausado y una sutil observación de sus personajes , sin estridencias ni grandes revelaciones .
1	i'm not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming .
1	the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more .
1	if it's unnerving suspense you're after -- you'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .
1	the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful .
1	red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs .
1	proves a servicable world war ii drama that can't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .
1	leigh isn't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
1	while broomfield's film doesn't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
1	. . . strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
1	laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma .
1	tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
1	a solidly entertaining little film .
1	it's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .
1	sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now . . . and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
1	despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
1	a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
1	though nijinsky's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
1	a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .
1	from both a great and a terrible story , mr . nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
1	spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
1	the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny .
1	highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .
1	neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
1	first and foremost . . . the reason to go see " blue crush " is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .
1	a visionary marvel , but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
1	the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
1	in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that isn't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .
1	how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood . it's an actor's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .
1	i just saw this movie . . . well , it's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
1	what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb .
1	scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar .
1	a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .
1	" what really happened ? " is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
1	soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
1	much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . their work is fantastic .
1	crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
1	franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
1	tsai ming-liang's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ? , is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
1	the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielberg's schindler's list . but mr . polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr . spielberg's 1993 classic .
1	steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
1	a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
1	as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
1	the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in .
1	old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
1	an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular .
1	a fun family movie that's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , 'it's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
1	if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
1	i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .
1	even though the film doesn't manage to hit all of its marks , it's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
1	where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
1	the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
1	the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
1	fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
1	even when he's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
1	what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .
1	has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested .
1	this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . it's a scorcher .
1	bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys .
1	works as pretty contagious fun .
1	the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart on its sleeve .
1	a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .
1	a charming , banter-filled comedy . . . one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .
1	a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
1	serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
1	heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
1	caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness . . . but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .
1	a " black austin powers ? " i prefer to think of it as " pootie tang with a budget . " sa da tay !
1	oddly , the film isn't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
1	i would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that shouldn't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
1	chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of 'ethnic cleansing . '
1	the best thing i can say about this film is that i can't wait to see what the director does next .
1	smarter than its commercials make it seem .
1	great character interaction .
1	one of the funnier movies in town .
1	campanella's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael's evolution .
1	by turns very dark and very funny .
1	steven soderbergh doesn't remake andrei tarkovsky's solaris so much as distill it .
1	for more than two decades mr . nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
1	simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .
1	though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film doesn't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown's life .
1	the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .
1	not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .
1	quando tiros em columbine acerta o alvo ( com o perdão do trocadilho ) , não há como negar o brilhantismo da argumentação de seu diretor .
1	director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
1	as allen's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson .
1	jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
1	a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
1	if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it's to this film's ( and its makers' ) credit that we believe that that's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .
1	if the film's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
1	one of the best of a growing strain of daring films . . . that argue that any sexual relationship that doesn't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
1	an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
1	an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
1	it's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but westbrook's foundation and dalrymple's film earn their uplift .
1	mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
1	there's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .
1	a brutal and funny work . nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
1	the film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .
1	one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .
1	move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
1	the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for .
1	. it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . .
1	tells ( the story ) with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot's persnickety problems is simply a matter of ( being ) in a shrugging mood .
1	the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
1	if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
1	what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents' anguish .
1	meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
1	hey , happy ! is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it's a love story as sanguine as its title .
1	you won't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .
1	at its best . . . festival in cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in cannes .
1	there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that's hard to resist .
1	a lovably old-school hollywood confection .
1	i'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
1	by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .
1	the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .
1	wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
1	a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that's so prevalent on the rock .
1	peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
1	i'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
1	with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america's winter movie screens it's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .
1	the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .
1	like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
1	as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .
1	unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
1	spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but " spider-man " certainly delivers the goods .
1	other than the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , everything else is top shelf .
1	this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
1	manages to delight without much of a story .
1	there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
1	i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend !
1	fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
1	a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .
1	though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
1	an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't .
1	a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women .
1	an animation landmark as monumental as disney's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .
1	an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
1	sex with strangers is fascinating . . .
1	a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .
1	a wry , affectionate delight .
1	the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
1	one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
1	a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .
1	kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
1	paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
1	less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .
1	waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
1	each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .
1	if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
1	often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .
1	the script's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .
1	maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
1	this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .
1	although i didn't hate this one , it's not very good either . it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter .
1	another best of the year selection .
1	the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
1	it's a very valuable film . . .
1	max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve . . . as far as art is concerned , it's mission accomplished .
1	literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .
1	here polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
1	intriguing and stylish .
1	the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday .
1	a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
1	with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . .
1	you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it's a heck of a ride . samuel l . jackson is one of the best actors there is .
1	[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
1	an almost unbearably morbid love story .
1	the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
1	a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
1	spielberg's realization of a near-future america is masterful . this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
1	the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
1	the best film of the year 2002 .
1	an enthralling , entertaining feature .
1	stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
1	a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
1	all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that's both charming and well acted . it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
1	smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
1	working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli . . . ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
1	an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
1	" austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
1	one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .
1	schaeffer isn't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
1	a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
1	although estela bravo's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
1	surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .
1	the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness .
1	brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
1	if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like 'masterpiece theatre' type costumes , you'll enjoy this movie .
1	a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .
1	gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
1	this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
1	has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
1	with its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , bloody sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in derry .
1	you will likely prefer to keep on watching .
1	insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
1	what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
1	at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio's career shines like a lonely beacon .
1	an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .
1	this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential
1	it's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
1	performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving .
1	an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
1	lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
1	your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
1	pull[s] off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel .
1	twohy's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
1	'tobey maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
1	. . . a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life's endgame .
1	passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . .
1	road to perdition does display greatness , and it's worth seeing . but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it's won .
1	a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
1	arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
1	critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps .
1	what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .
1	many insightful moments .
1	the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems .
1	a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
1	a tour de force of modern cinema .
1	peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .
1	the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
1	without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
1	the performances are an absolute joy .
1	a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music .
1	grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
1	a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .
1	both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ? may prove to be [tsai's] masterpiece .
1	mazel tov to a film about a family's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .
1	standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
1	it's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless .
1	provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .
